Added example of number as a string (#92010)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cosmos-db/sql/sql-query-is-number.md

SELECT   

>     IS_NUMBER(true) AS isNum1,   
>     IS_NUMBER(1) AS isNum2,  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    IS_NUMBER(true) AS isBooleanANumber,   
    IS_NUMBER(1) AS isNumberANumber, 
```

I think there's value in upgrading to a new naming scheme here. I know this was not the original intention of your PR, but let's make this example a little clearer.

>     IS_NUMBER("value") AS isNum3, 
>     IS_NUMBER("12") AS isNum4,
>     IS_NUMBER(null) AS isNum5,  
>     IS_NUMBER({prop: "value"}) AS isNum6,   
>     IS_NUMBER([1, 2, 3]) AS isNum7,  
>     IS_NUMBER({prop: "value"}.prop2) AS isNum8  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    IS_NUMBER("value") AS isTextStringANumber, 
    IS_NUMBER("1") AS isNumberStringANumber,
    IS_NUMBER(null) AS isNullANumber,  
    IS_NUMBER({prop: "value"}) AS isObjectANumber,   
    IS_NUMBER([1, 2, 3]) AS isArrayANumber,  
    IS_NUMBER({stringProp: "value"}.stringProp) AS isObjectStringPropertyANumber, 
    IS_NUMBER({numberProp: 1}.numberProp) AS isObjectNumberPropertyANumber  
```

I'm going to go ahead and recommend labels here too. BTW, thanks for adding the example of a number as a string. To avoid confusion, let's use the same exact number (``1``) for both the number literal and string examples.

I also added a numeric property example for fun 😸

```  
  
 Here is the result set.  
  
```json

> [{"isNum1":false,"isNum2":true,"isNum3":false,"isNum4":false,"isNum5":false,"isNum6":false,"isNum7":false,"isNum8":false}]  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[
    {
        "isBooleanANumber": false,
        "isNumberANumber": true,
        "isTextStringANumber": false,
        "isNumberStringANumber": false,
        "isNullANumber": false,
        "isObjectANumber": false,
        "isArrayANumber": false,
        "isObjectStringPropertyANumber": false,
        "isObjectNumberPropertyANumber": true
    }
]
```

If you have no personal objections, I would like to prettify the code output a bit to make it more human readable.
